---
title: Honesty - Best Policy
date: '2017-02-19T19:40:54+00:00'
---
I’ve been on the struggle bus when it comes to minimizing ANYTHING lately. I said I wanted to take it slow…this is more like crawling. It started with a teething baby and has just carried on with divided interests. I have been contributing to my etsy shop like crazy and have been working on some creative projects \<link to 70 Days of Creativity\>. With all the inactivity, there are a few highlights that I’m excited about though. 

# 1 My Office
My office is coming together as a usable space once again. One of the major motivations to get rid of a majority of our stuff is to welcome creativity into our space. It’s impossible to create in a space where fabric piles are toppling over, I can’t find my tools, and I’m constantly having to go out and re-buy stuff for my projects. Laboriously, I am going through every box (yes, we still have tons of FULL boxes from when we moved into our house 7 months ago—the shame!) and finding homes for my things. I have boxes upon boxes filled with things I’ll be turning over to the garage sale (in May). This yard sale will literally be like if a Marshalls and Hobby Lobby came together and had a baby in someone’s driveway (why the heck am I using this analogy-idk?!?!). I can’t wait to see the office floors cleared of boxes, fabric, and misc. things. 
# 2 The Garage
 The garage also got an overhaul on Saturday. My father in law came over to watch Ivory while Jacob and I (I should say, mostly Jacob) spent a solid couple hours on clearing out trash and making walking space. Now I can easily walk in there and go through (yet more) boxes that have not been unpacked. I’d say if I have lived without for 7 months, it’s probably time to say adios. But saying goodbye is never easy. It’s amazing what a little bit of space can inspire—I feel so motivated to organize the crap out of that garage (pun totally intended). 
# 3 The Dishwasher
The last thing I’m super excited to share is about “intentional living”. As I’ve stated in [this post](http://bethanygearee.com/2017/01/04/intentional-authenticity-cherish.html), I’ve been so inspired and committed to living intentionally this year. About a month or so ago, I decided that I wanted to stop using our dishwasher. Why would I ever want to do that? Thanks for asking, I’ll tell you. I’ve noticed that in using our dishwasher, we are more prone to allow dishes to pile up. When they pile up, we use more dishes than we need, they’re harder to clean, and I can’t tell you how many times we’ve “run out of forks” (*seriously*. There’s only 2 people, how do you run out of forks?!). So, with Jacob’s agreement and participation, we’ve stopped using the dishwasher altogether. We wash dishes by hand and let them air dry. Usually it’s right after we’ve used them but if not, we try to not let them stay in the sink very long. I mention this because it’s a huge step for me. I have always been a messy person. I can destroy a clean room in 45 seconds flat with projects or an extravagant dinner (heck, even a simple dinner!). Committing to take the time to wash dishes without a dishwasher means that I’ve had to slightly alter my habits. 
- I don’t grab a new cup out of the cupboard, I use the same one all day and wash it throughout the day. Before, I could use several cups in a couple days’ period, no problem. Now, I have my coffee cup and my drinking cup. It’s so much easier to manage!
-  I wash dishes as soon as I use them (makes it so much easier to clean) and if not, I usually get to them before the day is done (or Jacob will). 
- I put dishes away every morning. Since there are less dishes to put away, the sacrifice is so worth it! I don’t have to bend over and clear out two levels of heavy crammed-in dishes (so I’m actually being lazier somehow?? ;))

This is only one example of how I’ve been creating intentional habits in my daily activities. I’ve also been practicing *mise en place* while cooking (getting all my ingredients together before starting a meal so that the recipe is easier to follow along and an altogether less stressful experience), keeping a fairly consistent laundry schedule, and trying to stick to a “tidying up” routine. 

I say all this not to give everyone a boring account of my daily tasks but instead to encourage people who feel the way I do. I know I’m not the only one who struggles with having too much stuff or is guilty that they aren’t Suzy Homemaker with her pristine floors and linen closets. Maybe hearing something as insignificant as me successfully washing dishes by hand helps inspire you to create a positive habit in your life, whatever that is. 
… Or maybe you are here to read the boring account of a Mrs. Bethany Weaver. Either way, I’m glad you’re here :)